Now, in a moment, I’ll explain what
is going to be sensational.
But first, please open your Bibles
to Hebrews chapter 6,
or find it on your phone or tablet.
Now, Paul, here in this letter,
is addressing those with the heavenly hope.
And he makes a point here about two things
he covers in verse 17 of Hebrews 6
about “the promise” and the “oath.”
So it’s “impossible for [Jehovah] to lie,”
as verse 18 touches on.
But this is what is connected with this hope
for the ones that have the heavenly hope
and by extension the other sheep.
So it’s infallible.
It’s going to happen just as he promised.
And Paul at least three times
experienced shipwreck;
that much we know.
Maybe we’ll find out there was more later.
But notice what he writes here
with a heart full of experience
in verse 19:
“We have this hope
“as an anchor for the soul,
both sure and firm,
and it enters in within the curtain.”
The anchor
—it’s just critical
that the other sheep
and the anointed
have their anchor in shape.
Now, The Watchtower  just last year,
February 20, 2021,
on page 30,
mentioned this profound thought:
“An anchor stabilizes a ship during a storm
“and stops it from drifting onto rocks.
“But an anchor is useful
only if the chain that attaches to the ship
“does not break. . . .
[So] if we lose our faith, we lose our hope.”
The Watchtower  has that profound thought
for all of God’s people.
For now, we’re facing
what Revelation chapter 21 says
in symbolic language.
We’ll turn to Revelation 21,
and this is why it’s so critical
to have this clear about our hope
being the anchor there.
In verse 1 of Revelation 21:
“And I saw a new heaven and a new earth;
“for the former heaven and the former earth
had passed away,
[now notice]
and the sea is no more.”
Well, “the sea is no more.”
What are we talking about here?
Well, that means that after Armageddon,
there’s no more “sea.”
Well, obviously,
that’s not the literal oceans,
or the seas, there.
That’s the demon-agitated sea
of wicked mankind
—gone.
But it’s not gone yet.
And just like in literal wars,
submarines are used to sneak up on ships.
Satan is the same way
—he and his demon horde—
so he’s going to use any means he can
to try to wreck our ship.
It’s an individual one-on-one with Jehovah.
And you know, many of you—
I look out to you couples
and you’re very close;
you love each other.
Well, you know,
your mate
(for those of you who are married)
has to have this kind of relationship
with their Father, Jehovah.
Everybody does unless you’re a toddler.
Then you’re going to be in God’s hands.
If your parents are Witnesses,
there’s a good chance you’ll be OK.
So this is war.
That’s the point.
This is war.
And it’s not going to get easier
until “the sea is no more.”
Now, during these times,
in this war,
we face stormy seas.
This includes a lot of things,
loss of material things.
There are all kinds
of other storms that come up,
and it’s connected
with the sea of wicked mankind.
But this one here is the one
that we’re going to emphasize:
the death of a loved one
—the death of a loved one.
What a storm!
And that is when our anchor is essential.
As individuals, that anchor is essential.
Never lose your anchor!
I’m not saying
you’re not going to be battered
or I’m not going to be battered,
but don’t lose your anchor.
Jehovah gave it to us,
and Paul made that clear.
Now, a sister wrote in,
and I certainly wouldn’t name her.
She may eventually see this program here,
but I thought it was worth sharing with you.
But she was honest and humble about it.
But it shows, you know,
God’s people are imperfect.
I don’t know if you noticed that.
Don’t say anything, David,
when you come out later.
So her dad died faithful.
Now, here’s what she admits
before her dad died.
She says that when she saw others
shedding tears after their loved ones died,
she thought:
‘Why do people cry so much?
They will see them again.’
Would that comfort you
if you just lost a loved one?
No.
However, her dad died.
Here’s what she honestly stated,
to her credit,
“But now I understand.”
And she wept, shed tears.
Yes, the loss of a loved one
can be devastating,
no doubt about it, an incredible storm.
Now to our theme,
“They Will Be Sensational!,”
what is “they”?
They are family reunions in the new world.
The things that are coming. Oh!
Go ahead and use your imagination.
Jehovah won’t fault you for that.
They’re going to be sensational!
They really are.
Now, another word for “sensational”
is “astonishing”;
another one is “astounding.”
And what’s nice is this is not a fantasy.
This is what’s going to happen.
It’s a reality.
So let’s consider
some families in Bible history.
First of all, we’ll start with Noah.
He was born in 2970 B.C.E.
—126 years after Adam’s death.
So he didn’t have any interaction with Adam.
I think he got a blessing there, personally.
And when his father, Lamech,
named him Noah
(you know, that’s in scripture),
he said:
‘This one will bring us comfort from our work
‘and from the pain of our hands
resulting from the ground
which Jehovah has cursed.’
Beautiful expression!
And you know Noah lived up to that.
When he lived,
he faced materialized angels.
They left “their . . . proper dwelling place”
and produced offspring
—those hybrid Nephilim.
And ‘the earth became full of violence.’
But Noah and his family,
they avoided all of that corruption.
So he was faultless.
He “walked with the true God.”
Now, he lived up
to what Jehovah expected of him.
And find Genesis, if you would please,
and we’re going to look at chapter 8
—Genesis chapter 8.
Now,
I will mention this here
in the chapter before 8,
which would be chapter 7,
we do find the point in verse 13:
“On that very day, Noah went into the ark
“along with his sons,
Shem, Ham, and Japheth,
[and notice] and his wife
and the three wives of his sons.”
So they went in the ark.
They had all worked around it and everything.
And now we find in chapter 8,
verses 16 and 17,
after the Flood:
“Go out of the ark,
you, your wife,
your sons and your sons’ wives.”
So here we go.
But we know
that’s just Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
That’s what the scripture said.
We don’t know the names
of the wife
or the sons’ wives.
Why?
You can ask God,
but I don’t see anything in here
that’s going to tell me
why he decided not to have it in there.
You know,
it has nothing to do with being worthy.
It’s all about the lineage it went through.
And, you know,
we all know better
than to argue with God.
‘You know, God, I really love your word
but, you know, a couple of things here . . .’
Not too bright to have that kind of attitude.
So these are beautiful, faithful women.
And here’s the point:
During the new world, my,
what a family reunion
they’re going to have!
And how thrilled you’re going to be,
because I’m sure you’ve got some questions
about what that was like!
And then we don’t have much
while they were on the ark;
how did things go?
I mean, you know, a lot of the old-timers
here at Bethel and at other Bethels
have so many stories, and they’re a pleasure.
Well, get ready.
There’ll be a whole lot
of sensational stories
from sensational family reunions
like this one.
It’s a wonderful, wonderful future.
Now, in the same Bible book of Genesis,
let’s go over to chapter 21,
and notice here,
there’s a different example of a family
that’ll enjoy a sensational reunion
in the new world.
It highlights the fact
that Sarah became pregnant,
and this is the love of Abraham’s life,
as far as humans go.
And they bore a son together, Isaac.
And this is just incredible!
You take chapter 22 of Genesis,
and Jehovah gives this direction.
And for any of you who are fathers
that are listening
(and you don’t have to be a father
to be touched by this, obviously,
because you love Jehovah
and you love Jesus),
he says in verse 2:
“Take, please, your son,
your only son whom you so love.”
Oh, yeah, he knew,
‘Abraham sure loves Isaac.’
And this is remarkable.
He knows he loves him so much.
And what does He tell him to do?
Sacrifice him.
So we don’t have all or any record
of any feelings Abraham had during all this.
We get some indication
of some things going on here.
But those of you
that have ever had a son or sons,
the impact here is just phenomenal.
He did go all the way with the knife,
and he had actually,
in mind and heart,
committed the sacrifice.
But Jehovah,
you know, after he reached out with the knife
and everything’s in motion,
Jehovah had the angel call out
“Abraham, Abraham!” just in time.
That stopped the whole thing.
And Abraham said: “Here I am!”
And then he told him in verse 12:
“Do not harm the boy.”
How did he feel?
Talk about a relief.
And all this time before,
Isaac is wondering:
‘You know, we got this all set up.
Where’s the sheep?’
I don’t know.
They must’ve had
some interesting conversations
after these events.
Now, do you think
that they’re not going to enjoy
a sensational family reunion?
Oh, my!
And then when they find out
(because they didn’t know,
they heard certain things)
that Jehovah,
he went all the way
and allowed the sacrifice with his Son.
Oh.
See that pain
—a lot of pain—
so a sensational family reunion
with Abraham, Isaac, Sarah,
and other family members.
Now another one in the scriptures
—let’s find Job,
and how well we know
and appreciate Job so much!
And when we go right there,
the first chapter,
it just helps us to appreciate
in the first chapter here;
verse 1 talks
about this “upright man of integrity.”
And verse 2 reveals
that “seven sons
and three daughters were born to him.”
And then all the livestock is mentioned.
But this is quite interesting,
in verse 4 of chapter 1:
“Each of his sons
would hold a banquet at his house
on his own set day.”
What’s that all about?
Well, we have the gift of the Insight  book,
as well as so many other references.
But this has always been a blessed gift.
And the Insight  stated:
“It would seem that Job’s seven sons
held a family gathering
“(possibly a spring or harvest festival)
“and as the feasting
made the week-long circuit,
each son hosted the banquet
in his own house.”
That’s a close family.
They were all just such a close family
that loved each other,
just loved each other.
However,
we know in the following verses,
the challenge of Satan in heaven
and all that’s recorded for us here.
And then it starts in verse 13.
“Sons and daughters [are] eating” there.
And then the message comes to Job
about the cattle and the Sabeans attacking.
And then, you see, the wicked one
—we never said he wasn’t smart,
because see verse 16, “fire from God.”
So, you know,
now they’re going to blame God for this.
Satan says, ‘Yeah, they are all going
to think it was God that did this,’
even though he’s behind it
and it falls from there and kills the sheep.
Well, then verses 18 and 19:
“While he was still speaking, . . .
“‘Your sons and your daughters
were eating and drinking wine
“‘in their oldest brother’s house.
Suddenly a great wind came.’”
Now, apparently,
Jehovah allowed that kind of power.
In that case, it killed them all
—dead, killed them—
seven sons and three daughters.
Now, that’s history.
Let’s go to Job 42
—Job chapter 42
and,
see, he’s been through the test,
and we find here
where it mentions,
you know,
after the things have passed here
and Jehovah doubled everything
and he’s rich again.
Verse 13
—Job 42:13:
“He also came to have seven more sons
and three more daughters.”
Isn’t that—?
I mean—
Jehovah is just so wonderful.
But, see, Jehovah is not finished with him
because in the new world
(and likely he’ll work out the timing)
he’ll have all 20 children
—Job, and his wife—
a sensational family reunion!
Now more to our day,
I just want to touch on—
I just saw on the website
on September 26th, I think,
a beautiful, beautiful story here,
and it had been touched on
with an Awake!  before,
but there’s David Maza’s life story,
“A Happy Family, Shattered and Rebuilt.”
And they talk about Davey, David,
or they call him Davey.
I kept thinking,
‘Boy, what a sensational family reunion
they’re going to have during the new world!’
So we know you precious brothers,
a lot of you, are numb of heart,
losing loved ones during these last days.
But please don’t lose heart.
You’ve got your anchor.
See?
And then the sister wraps it up for us here,
a dear friend of mine.
“My mother and father had 17 children.”
Just recently she wrote this:
“Recently I lost the last remaining sibling,
“leaving me with no siblings at all.
“Strangely, I remember where I was
and what I was doing
“when I lost each of them.
“What a blessing it will be
“when these dreaded memories
will be gone and replaced
“when I see my resurrected mom and dad
“and welcome back each child
who’s stored in Jehovah’s memory!”
She writes:
“What a grand reunion that will be
“as we gradually grow to perfection
with the prospect of living forever!”
What a touching expression
from our precious sister!
So the reunion with your loved ones
is a certainty.
You will be enjoying
your family reunions soon.
Keep your anchor in good shape
until the sea of wicked mankind is no more.
And we entreat you;
focus on the coming
sensational family reunions.